# Tech News
http://techcrunch.com/feed/ tech-news
https://www.wired.com/feed/category/security/latest/rss tech-news 
https://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/technology-lab tech-news
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss tech-news
https://www.protocol.com/feeds/feed.rss

# Coding Blogs etc
https://blog.cleancoder.com/atom.xml tech-blog coding
https://timdaub.github.io/atom.xml tech-blog thought crypto
https://matthewmcateer.me/rss.xml tech-blog ai crypto 
https://www.joshwcomeau.com/rss.xml tech-blog design uxui javascript
https://overreacted.io/rss.xml tech-blog javascript coding 
https://flaviocopes.com/index.xml tech-blog javascript coding
https://www.emgoto.com/rss.xml tech-blog uxui design
https://shanehowearth.com/rss/ tech-blog cqrs go coding
https://kentcdodds.com/blog/rss.xml tech-blog react coding javascript

# Thought / Interest
http://lesswrong.com/.rss thought philosophy
https://jacobinmag.com/feed thought news
https://www.bellingcat.com/feed news thought politics

# New Ones
https://codeopinion.com/feed/ tech-blog coding newlist
https://enterprisecraftsmanship.com/index.xml tech-blog coding newlist
https://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/atom.xml tech-blog newlist
https://twobithistory.org/feed.xml coding history reading newlist
https://8thlight.com/blog/feed/rss.xml tech-blog coding newlist
https://jovicailic.org/feed/ tech-blog coding newlist
